So if you pull down 08 exercise you'll be
able to see all the code that we just did.
I want you to go ahead on your own
app create your own base layout play
around slots see how you might want to
rearrange things see how that feels
when you have one slot versus having
multiple slot one name slots.
All right, how did everyone feel
about playing around with slots?
Good, fairly straightforward.
That is great to hear.
Okay, so what I'm gonna do is just
basically, I'm gonna take a look at
the ATLLI forum on my end and we'll
just do a quick one as far as that goes.
So let me go ahead and check out a branch,
08-solution cd atla.
Great, run dev,
everything should be running as expected.
Yep, perfect.
Okay so when I'm looking at atla,
I'm thinking, okay, well,
base component,
what does a base layout look like?
So I'm gonna go ahead,
create my base layout.view,
inside of here, let's keep it simple.
So we're just gonna have the template and
all that it manages is
where things are placed.
So we'll actually just create basically as
to how many things we have four things.
All right, so let's do a div and
then we'll have here so
we'll call this class grid,
and then we'll say,
this is actually the same
open a style block.
And for grid will display grid, and
grid template columns, repeat 2, 1fr,
basically this will repeat
two columns inside of this.
So div and div, and then for
now, let's just go ahead and
drop this to make this a slot And
then we'll say the name for
this slot is one this will be the first
one and then we'll copy this and
then just drop it in here for
two, auto complete just slot.
Thank you for catching that.
Okay, inside of our app,
we're gonna go ahead, grab that and
then this will be base layout,
go ahead and copy that base layout.
Then wash it, call it here, and this
time in base layout we'll go ahead and
let's take our new character down here,
I think that's all of this stuff.
And then let's just drop that
in the first slot to start.
So where are we here?
Okay, so we'll have the template here,
dropping in the new character and
the the slot we're looking for is one.
So if you save that,
you'll see that we're actually I guess,
let me show this so
that it's a little bit clearer.
Five here solid green,
actually what's the fun?
Papayawhip love that one let's do it.
[LAUGH] Okay, not very accessible though,
I like the name.
Okay, so we can see here that that is
showing up on the left hand side and
then all we need to do if you want to swap
it, for example, is just do the slot two,
then you see it jumps from left to right.
So that's just a simple
implementation of a possible grid and
you can imagine when start combining CSS,
slotting stuff around,
you get some pretty powerful stuff when
it comes to responsive design as well.